en: some mirror updates (#392)
pingcap/docs-dm: en/task-configuration-file-full.md

  port: 4000
  user: "root"
  password: "/Q7B9DizNLLTTfiZHv9WoEAKamfpIUs="  # It is recommended to use a password encrypted with dmctl

>   max-allowed-packet: 67108864                  # When setting the DM to internally connect to the TiDB server, the "max_allowed_packet" limit of the TiDB client (the limit of the maximum accepted packet). The unit is bytes. (67108864 by default)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  max-allowed-packet: 67108864                  # Sets the "max_allowed_packet" limit of the TiDB client (that is, the limit of the maximum accepted packet) when DM internally connects to the TiDB server. The unit is bytes. (67108864 by default)
```
